hello my dear students today we have
another did you request me Nina I'm
hearing me dining room region of the
world posting for the origin of the word
Christmas so if you can best gate that'd
be brilliant James wanted to know the
origin of the word Christmas instance I
was asked this question recently on TV
the first is the big one Christmas as in
Mary where did that come from and Oh
with my website DJ shadow wile e coyote
Jonas 93 and mind rush wanted to know
the origin and Captain 911 and Cooper
Maj wanted to know why xmas was short
for Christmas is it a generic name for
the ecology interesting question guys
hotforwords must investigate christmas
comes from the old english xristos mess
and it literally means Christ mass where
mass means celebration and Christ means
The Anointed One so the two words merge
together over time to become Christmas
what's interesting is the expression
xmas may have actually come from the
greek spelling of Christ which was
Christos with an axe and xmas was just
an abbreviation so saying xmas is just
another way of saying Christmas it's not
a generic name for the holiday or the
popular guy on Christmas Santa Claus
actually got his name from the Dutch
pronunciations of Saint Nicholas it was
sintered my class than Santa Claus and
finally Santa Claus in English Saint
Nicholas was a patron saint for children
for your homework what would be the one
presence you would like for christmas
please write your answers in the
comments below and since I'm feeling
we'll see i will pick out one present
that i can afford it and make sure Santa
delivers it to you oh and my calendar
makes a great stocking stuffer huh so
check it out I'll see you all very SWA
bye-bye my students Gorby be good